SSL (Secure Socket Layer)
TLS (Transport Layer Security)

HAND SHAKE
one-way SSL (only the server authenticates to the client)
  e.g. browser only (client) validates the identity of the website (server)
two-way SSL (Mutual SSL) (server and client authenticate to each other)
  e.g. server to server communication
STEPS
  1. Client Hello
     client send information required by the server to start a HTTPS
     connection (tls version that support, cipher suite that support)
  2. Server Hello
     server respond back with the configuration it selected from the client
	(tsl lower client supported, highest server supported, cipher selected).
     send server certificate (with certificate chain... will be validate against
     the certificates in the clien trust store)
  3. Server Key Exchange Message
     carry datails for the client to generate the
     pre-master secret (not send if algorithm not require the info from the server)
  4. Certificate Request
	one-way -> authenticity of client not validated (omitted)
	two-way -> send certificate request from the client with certificate type,
		   certificate signature algotirthms and certificate authorities (if
		   if empty client may choose whether to send of not client certificate)
		   server send hello done message
  5. Client Certificate
     client presents its certificate chain to the server
  6. Client Key Exchange Message
     message needs to be sent by the client following the Client Certificate message.
     if client certificate is not being presented (in one-way SSL), this should be sent
     after the client receives the ServerHelloDone message
  7. Finished
     Change cipher spec message?? will be sent by both client/server indicating
     the rest of the communication will be encrypted

Encryption/Decryption
Key
Caesar cipher
Steganography
Symmetrical Encryption - involves only one secret key (Blowfish, AES, RC4, DES, RC5, RC6)
  disadvantage - exchange the key used to encrypt the data before thay can decrypt it
Asymmetrical Encryption - (public key cryptography) uses two keys to encrypt a plain
  text. SECRET KEYS are exchanged over the network (anyone (with the secret key) can 
  decrypt the message) PUBLIC KEY freely availble to anyone.
  Message encypted usign a public key can only be decrypted using a private key, while,
  message encrypted using a private key can be decrypted using a public key
Certificate - package of information that identifies a user and a server (contains
  public key)
Certificate Authorities

X.509 sintaxis de los certificados:
	-Version
	-Numero de serie: Es un identificador único para todos los certificados de una misma CA.
	-Algoritmo empleado para la firma digital.
	-Nombre del certificador.
	-Periodo de validez.
	-Nombre dueño certificado
	-Clave publica.
	-Extensiones: Información adicional permitida por el estandar.
	-Firma digital de todo lo anterior generada por el certificador.
	-Firma digital de la CA.
